araguaína a young lady of 53 years
years of a history written by the
strength and determination of many who
here have passed and helped transform
a simple village in the city that today is
the girl from the north eyes of the tocantins
araguaia is not an adventure anymore
it's not a bet and not a dream anymore
The city girl has grown and is now a
sure sure future for
thousands of families who chose
a promise of a better life to the city
blessed by God receives from arms
open throughout Brazilian times
from all regions of the country
people who adopted araguaína as a city
that helps to boost your
growth, making this a center of
multiple cultures
Look here before I've heard a lot
Araguaína and us when we came to
here we already knew that it was a city
very good and did not have any
surprise because everything that we spoke
It really was my wonderful city .
and I do not want to leave Araguaína, you have to
take the opportunity to
congratulate subway hate its 53
years of political emancipation of the city
and also that she considers herself
son of the city
we realize that araguaína is a
very cosmopolitan setting is not a
person outside everything so she already brings in the
I welcome this sympathy of receiving people
very well for the children of this land
those who made and make history
araguaína has been surprising over the
years
the problems exist are still many
by the way but nothing that turns off the brightness
of the city that has received titles and more
bonds but only one prevails
Araguaína good place to live this
It's a city and it's very
and when I saw him this water as
lime ground floor was paved
had nothing and today is the beautiful avenue right
and I'm proud to live here in
araguaine that comes from araguaína is a
privilege
that's the right word because it's the best
City of Brazil who want though
araguaine
I say do not go but if I insist, I'll leave
but leave the key with me that I will stay
last to turn off the lights
of these 53 years consul of the work of
every guardian we can be proud and
say araguaína is our frame we the
we fill it and make it alive
so congratulations araguaína for your
53 years but congratulations, especially to each one
of us araguainenses we want
congratulate araguaína for his 53 years
and that more and more is the
better and more prosperous
With God in my heart, things are
will resolve